WIP: Add a response example (#5)
jelhan/json-api-bulk-create-extension: README.md

All resources, which are referenced by another resource, **MUST** either have [client-generated IDs](https://jsonapi.org/format/#crud-creating-client-ids) or a `lid` to locally [identify the resource](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-identification) within the document.

> ### Example request

Reviewer: I would prefer keeping "document" in the title. It's not showing an entire request but only the document send as request payload. Maybe "Request document example" and "Response document example"?

A server **MAY** include error details with error responses.

A server **MUST** prepare responses, and a client **MUST** interpret responses, in accordance with HTTP semantics.

### Example response

> This example shows a response document from the [example request](#example-request). Both the post and the tag which was requested to be created are included as primary data. The additional already existing tag isn't allowed to be included since the response only can contain created resources.

Reviewer: This is not fully precise. A server could include the existing tag under `included` unless client requested to include spevific resources only using `include` query parameter. Maybe we could move the topic blow the response document example and explain how it could be included in which cases?

Author: True. I tried some other wording. What do you think?

```json
{
  "data": [
    {

>       "type": "post",

Reviewer: Having `post` (singular) and `tags` (plural) for resource types. Should harmonize resource type names towards using plural to be consistent with base specification.

Reviewer: Addressed in #6 for existing request document example. Need to update response accordingly in this PR.

Author: :+1:

A server **MAY** include error details with error responses.

A server **MUST** prepare responses, and a client **MUST** interpret responses, in accordance with HTTP semantics.

### Example response document

> This example shows a response document from the [example request document](#example-request-document). Both the post and the tag which was requested to be created are included as primary data. The additional already existing tag shouldn't be placed in the included data since the response only should return created resources, but it could be included if requested via the include query parameter.

Reviewer: This wasn't fully precise yet. Unless the `include` query parameter is set in the request, it's up to the server if the existing tag is included in the response document under `included` key or not. I tried rewording it.

```suggestion
This example shows a response document from the [example request document](#example-request-document). Both the post and the tag which were requested to be created are included in the response document as primary data. The existing tag is not included in the response. A server could include it under `included` key unless the client requested inclusion of specific related resources explicitly using the `include` query parameter.
```
